fix: use dynamic lockMaxRetries limit in RedisHandler (#10295)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.7.4.rst

- **API:** Fixed a bug in Transformers where the root request's ``fields`` and ``include`` query parameters leaked into nested transformers created inside ``include*()`` methods, causing incorrect field filtering, unexpected includes, or infinite recursion.
- **Database:** Fixed a bug where ``updateBatch()`` could be called after Query Builder ``where()`` conditions, even though it's not supported. In this situation, now the ``DatabaseException`` is thrown.
- **HTTP:** Fixed a bug where the User Agent library reported Safari's WebKit version instead of the browser version from the ``Version`` token.

> - **Session:** Fixed a bug in ``RedisHandler`` where missing ``$lockRetryInterval`` and ``$lockMaxRetries`` properties in a custom ``Session`` configuration file could trigger an ``Undefined property`` warning or error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Session:** Fixed a bug in ``RedisHandler`` where the configured ``$lockRetryInterval`` and ``$lockMaxRetries`` values were not respected when acquiring session locks.
```

- **Model:** Fixed a bug in ``Model::objectToRawArray()`` where the ``$recursive`` parameter was ignored.

> 

Reviewer: We need alphabetical order.
